docs/index.md, before:

![Azzuri](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/roganhamby/emeraldelephant/master/Azzuri_medium.png)

Welcome to Emerald Elephants.  The goal of this blog is to demystify some of the workings of the Evergreen ILS database which runs on PostgreSQL.  Where does the name come from?  Evergreen = Emerald, Postgres' mascot is an Elephant.  No, I don't think I'm clever but I'm a sucker for allieration.  After a few years of teaching SQL for librarians classes and periodically getting questions about some of the corners of the Evergreen database I thought, why answer questions individually when I can compile them for posterity and force Github's corporate owners to pay one hundreth  of a penny hosting some more of my text.  Any samples mentioned here will be marked in the appropriate place in the accompanying Github repo @ https://github.com/roganhamby/emeraldelephant.git whose docs/ folder also contains this blog in markdown.  But, that's enough recursion for now.

For those looking for other Evergreen resources:

* [Evergreen WIKI](https://wiki.evergreen-ils.org/doku.php)
* [Jane Sandberg's posts on Evergreen](https://sandbergja.github.io/tags.html#Evergreen-ref)

I take questions via the Github issues and via Twitter @roganhamby or email if you can find it (it's not hard).

Quick links for posts:  
* [Grokking the Relationship Between Transactions and Bills](transactions_and_bills.md) 2020-06-15   
* [Paying Off Bills part 1: The Where of It](payingbills.md#payingbills1) 2020-06-30  
* [Paying Off Bills part 2: The How of It](payingbills.md#payingbills2) 2020-07-12
* [Ancestors and Descendants](ancestors.md) 2020-08-01
* [Views and Tables in A Materialized World](materialized.md) 2020-10-06
* [Do the Bibs Match the Copies](dotheymatch.md) 2020-10-09
* [Circulation Basics, Action.Circulation](circbasics.md#circbasics1) 2020-10-19
* [Circulation Basics, Tables and Views](circbasics.md#circbasics2) 2020-10-25
* [Circulation Basics, Reports](circbasics.md#circbasics3) 2020-11-30
* [Asking Discrete Questions 1 of 2](discrete.md#discrete1) 2020-12-28
* [Asking Discrete Questions 2 of 2](discrete.md#discrete2) 2020-12-31
* [XMLStarlet - Get It Over With](xmlstarlet.md) 2021-03-14

Commit message:

adding twitter to index file

docs/index.md, after:

![Azzuri](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/roganhamby/emeraldelephant/master/Azzuri_medium.png)

Welcome to Emerald Elephants.  The goal of this blog is to demystify some of the workings of the Evergreen ILS database which runs on PostgreSQL.  Where does the name come from?  Evergreen = Emerald, Postgres' mascot is an Elephant.  No, I don't think I'm clever but I'm a sucker for allieration.  After a few years of teaching SQL for librarians classes and periodically getting questions about some of the corners of the Evergreen database I thought, why answer questions individually when I can compile them for posterity and force Github's corporate owners to pay one hundreth  of a penny hosting some more of my text.  Any samples mentioned here will be marked in the appropriate place in the accompanying Github repo @ https://github.com/roganhamby/emeraldelephant.git whose docs/ folder also contains this blog in markdown.  But, that's enough recursion for now.

Feel free to contact me on Twitter @roganhamby 

For those looking for other Evergreen resources:

* [Evergreen WIKI](https://wiki.evergreen-ils.org/doku.php)
* [Jane Sandberg's posts on Evergreen](https://sandbergja.github.io/tags.html#Evergreen-ref)

I take questions via the Github issues and via Twitter @roganhamby or email if you can find it (it's not hard).

Quick links for posts:  
* [Grokking the Relationship Between Transactions and Bills](transactions_and_bills.md) 2020-06-15   
* [Paying Off Bills part 1: The Where of It](payingbills.md#payingbills1) 2020-06-30  
* [Paying Off Bills part 2: The How of It](payingbills.md#payingbills2) 2020-07-12
* [Ancestors and Descendants](ancestors.md) 2020-08-01
* [Views and Tables in A Materialized World](materialized.md) 2020-10-06
* [Do the Bibs Match the Copies](dotheymatch.md) 2020-10-09
* [Circulation Basics, Action.Circulation](circbasics.md#circbasics1) 2020-10-19
* [Circulation Basics, Tables and Views](circbasics.md#circbasics2) 2020-10-25
* [Circulation Basics, Reports](circbasics.md#circbasics3) 2020-11-30
* [Asking Discrete Questions 1 of 2](discrete.md#discrete1) 2020-12-28
* [Asking Discrete Questions 2 of 2](discrete.md#discrete2) 2020-12-31
* [XMLStarlet - Get It Over With](xmlstarlet.md) 2021-03-14
